# Lab 6 Introduction to PCB Design

## Table of Contents

- [Lab 6 Introduction to PCB Design](#lab-6-introduction-to-pcb-design)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [0 Repository Structure](#0-repository-structure)
    - [0.1 HW](#01-hw)
    - [0.2 SW](#02-sw)
    - [0.3 Resources](#03-resources)
    - [0.4 Git and Github](#04-git-and-github)
---

## 0 Repository Structure

The typical explanation for the repo structure. Lab specific instructions can be
found further below.

### 0.1 HW

The `hw` folder should contain your schematic and board files for your PCB or
circuits. In labs 1-5 and 10, you will be creating schematics for your circuit
in EAGLE. A setup tutorial can be found
[here](https://www.shawnvictor.net/autodesk-eagle.html).

### 0.2 SW

The `sw` folder should contain your application firmware and software written
for the lab. The `sw/inc` folder contains firmware drivers written for you by
Professor Valvano. Feel free to write your own (in fact, in some labs, you may
be required to write your own).

You can place any other source files in the `sw` folder. TAs will look at the
files you create and/or modify for software quality and for running your
project.

### 0.3 Resources

A couple files are provided in the Resources folder so you don't have to keep
searching for that one TI document. Some of them are immediately useful, like
the TM4C datasheet. Others may be useful for your final project, like the
TM4C_System_Design_Guidelines page.

### 0.4 Git and Github

We will extensively use Git and Github for managing lab projects. This makes it
easier for TAs to grade and help debug the project by allowing us to see commit
histories, maintain a common project structure, and likewise, it makes it easier
for students to collaborate with partners, merge different codebases, and to
debug their work by having a history of commits.

Two common ways of using Git and Github are [Github Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) and the [command line](https://git-scm.com/downloads).
[Tutorials](https://dev.to/mollynem/git-github--workflow-fundamentals-5496) are also abundant on the net for you to peruse. We've provided a cheatsheet for git
in the Resources folder.

It is highly recommended to make the most out of Git, even if you've never used
it before. Version control will save you a lot of suffering, and tools like Git
or SVN are ubiquitous in the industry.

A gitignore file is added to the root of this repo that may prevent specific
files from being tagged to the repo. This are typically autogenerated output
files we don't care about, but sometimes other stuff (like .lib files) falls
through that we want. Feel free to modify if necessary.

